alright guys what's going on I'm today
I'm gonna be showing you how to install
add fly not advi-- sorry about that I
mean buying pack pack mod for one point
four point five that yes I'm gonna show
you guys I'm so I'd fly for you guys
didn't know I'll do that ok alright
skipper let's get back on track so i
have to insulin in the description the
video description and they're both gonna
be ad filings so we're going to be
installing my backpack mod one point
four point five and we also also with
that mod will also be needing to install
minecraft forge so the latest both i
have both the latest version for one
point four point five so if you guys if
you guys have to have like a old version
of ford's that will work for an old
version of backpack mod that won't work
we need the latest version it's
minecraft has been update for the latest
version so easy enough for me show you
guys if you haven't if you guys have not
used add club for in this top right
corner we will say please wait it's
going to count down from five all the
way down to zero then you'll be able to
press skip ad and then you'll be able
download the sec so but I've already
went ahead and downloaded these two
links right here in my computer computer
right here then I put them into my craft
month so i went ahead and downloaded
back Mac mod this also works for one
point four point four and minecraft
forge alright so now fair enough so
let's go ahead and get started first
thing first you'll need to go click down
here you're going to type in percentage
app day top percentage so it's like that
and you know roaming shooter up here
double click that open that up then once
you're in here you're going to want to
double click dot minecraft go into your
bin folder then you're going to go ahead
and right-click minecraft open with in
archival just like so laughs and then
you'll want to delete your your met imp
there should be a cat a folder which is
it all in capitals same NM go ahead and
click delete or you can right click and
delete it and once that's done you're
going to go ahead and want to open your
minecraft forge drag that over to the
side go all the way down click and drag
every single one of these copy and paste
it down here make sure you don't click
and drag them up here because there is a
possibility that they will end up
falling into one of these folders which
will mess up your minecraft so make sure
to drop them down here where there is no
folders to be seen add and replaced it's
all good go ahead and hit OK and there
you go everything should be fine then
you can go ahead and close out your
minecraft forge you won't be needing
that anymore just go and minimize your
thought minecraft while being that and
now you're going to go back to your
percentage app data if you do not close
this page already go click go ahead and
press back and in your and inside your
roaming I mean inside your dot minecraft
you should be there should be a folder
called mods if you guys don't have this
folder go ahead and create a new folder
make sure there is no capital dude as
mine is said I'm ods no no other
capitals type the way it is if not you
won't be able to launch properly
double-click mods go out what you want
to do now find your backpack top your
backpack mod click and drag this over
here and don't need to extract it or
nothing it's that simple click and drag
and that's all you need to do then you
can go ahead and open up minecraft and
everything should be all right you guys
I have any questions or problems go
ahead and leave me come and I'll do our
best to help you guys out so hope you
guys enjoyed the video and I'll talk
together about